Update service-limits.md (#115217)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/concepts/service-limits.md

For more information about the voice and video calling SDK and service, see the [calling SDK overview](./voice-video-calling/calling-sdk-features.md) page or [known issues](./known-issues.md).

## Job Router

> When sending or receiving a high volume of requests, you might receive a ```ThrottleLimitExceededException``` error. This error indicates you're hitting the service limitations, and your requestes will be dropped until the token of bucket to handle requests replenished after a certian time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending or receiving a high volume of requests, you might receive a ```ThrottleLimitExceededException``` error. This error indicates you're hitting the service limitations, and your requests will be dropped until the token of bucket to handle requests is replenished after a certain time.
```

Rate Limits for Job Router:

|Operation|Scope|Timeframe (seconds)| Limit (number of requests) | Timeout in seconds|
|---------|-----|-------------|-------------------|-------------------------|
|General Requests|Per Resource|10|1000|10|

### Action to take

> If you require to send a volume of messages that exceed the rate limits, email us at acs-ccap@microsoft.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to send a volume of messages that exceeds the rate limits, email us at acs-ccap@microsoft.com.
```
